Ian, Air Force, Social Tables
@onesien

create-react-app
will create a React one page app

sidenote....if you haven't, get video studio code
OK now we have a React App, log into Amazon

create a new bucket
S3 bucket, amazon will you a dns that you can point people to and it will serve up like a website.

read/write enabled

set up Static web hosting

serve up index.html on SUCCESS and on ERROR
(handle all errors in your APP)

git push your app to the S3 bucket

OK now what about the backend...data persistence/state

Who's heard of serverless????
apparently lots of people

serverless enables you to create and deploy microservices to AWS

npm install -g serverless

serverless create --template aws-nodejs --path service

this creates the service.

serverless.yml
this is where you hook up your functions to event requests in AWS (handlers).

now we need data
created a DynmoDB file in my .yml
created DynamoPolicy in yml

create .env  which is like an environment variable

in the app...
process.env.REACT_APP_SERVICE

in the .env
REACT_APP_SERVICE =  blah blah blah

then serverless deploys the app, it'll put the right path into place where REACT_APP_SERVICE is in the code...

bottom line
S3 services only charges to transfer data and store data.  And does so at very low rates.

because your application is 'serverless' there is no memory space to store user sessions

JSON Web Tokens = JWT
GWT = googles JWT
use googles then user can 'login' using google creds.

you must decrypt user credentials, then do your stuff.  It's a secure API becuase if the data doesn't decrypt it doesnt move forward.
"the way that Google does it is the way that many other people do it" so it's easy to make it work for Facebook, Microsoft, etc.

you can pay more to DNS your location

public repo on github
onesian

Q&A...

1.
api gateway has throttling.  Do throttling thru the .yml
2.
your serverless .yml file is translated to a cloudformation serverless-state.json.  so you don't edit a .yml on the service
3.
serverless -remove tore down EVERYTHING.  so, like your DB is gone?????
ANSWER:  YES!!!!
holy shit.
there is no way to backup / restore DynamoDB
so this is for SIDE PROJECTS.
Ian is using POSTGRESS
4.
you can get "free" 'certs' from AWS.  (dunno what that means) but you have to 'cloud front it'.  Say you're a STARTUP and they'll give you some free credits.
currently they are DNSing thru GOOGLE DOMAINS
